Revamping the README (#515)
microsoft/ProjectReunion: README.md

> ﻿# Project Reunion - Calling all Windows desktop apps!

Reviewer: This "desktop apps" thing is a point in time issue, not a long-term statement. Probably doesn't go in our L1 intro header.

> ﻿# Project Reunion - Calling all Windows desktop apps!

Reviewer 2: should this say "Windows desktop apps" or just "Windows apps"?

Author: Currently we are focusing on and prioritizing Windows desktop apps.

Reviewer 2: agreed, but you do mention UWP apps further below. like jonwis said, since this is just a point-in-time thing, it seems like this could cause confusion

> | Delight users with modern UI | Access new platform features | Down-level support | 

Author: Ah thanks, maybe that terminology isn't used frequently. Android Jetpack's homepage uses the terms "Backwards-compatibility" and "works consistently across Android versions"

|:--:|:--:|:--:|

> | <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/media/illustrations/biztalk-get-started-get-started.svg" width=250 alt="Modern navigation"/></br>Powerful WinUI 3 UI | <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/media/illustrations/biztalk-get-started-scenarios.svg" width=250 alt="Platform logo"/></br>Localization + power status + more</br> | <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/media/illustrations/biztalk-host-integration-install-configure.svg" width=250 alt="Down-level logo"/></br>Back to Windows 10 1809 |

Reviewer: Nit on the html - should probably be `<br/>` - that's the "element with no child elements" format; `</br>` closes a previously-opened `<br>` element.

Author: Thanks Rafael, `<br>` it is! Done

> | <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/media/illustrations/biztalk-get-started-get-started.svg" width=250 alt="Modern navigation"/></br>Powerful WinUI 3 UI | <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/media/illustrations/biztalk-get-started-scenarios.svg" width=250 alt="Platform logo"/></br>Localization + power status + more</br> | <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/media/illustrations/biztalk-host-integration-install-configure.svg" width=250 alt="Down-level logo"/></br>Back to Windows 10 1809 |

Reviewer: Same comment about removing `en-us` from the URIs, please

...and more, **without having to rewrite your app!**

> * Use your current installer *(no requirement to use MSIX, but there are [reliability/security benefits to using MSIX](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/msix/overview#key-features)!)*

Reviewer: Maybe change to:

* Use your current installer - MSIX, setup.exe, MSI, or nearly anything else

Reviewer: (There's clearly benefits to MSIX to be had, but maybe that goes into some future "Building Great Apps on Windows" content.)

Author: I believe we need to explicitly call out that there's no need/requirement for MSIX since traditionally we've always had this caveat, we've traditionally been like "WPF apps can use our new features!" *(if they're using MISX)*. We need to establish the trust, that we're serious, we really mean no MSIX needed.

Reviewer 3: Fair. Maybe `(MSIX not required)`?

* 100% additive *(only add what you need, leave the rest of your app as-is)*
* Works with Win32, WPF, WinForms, and UWP apps

> Plus, **it works down-level** to build 17763 (version 1809/October 2018 Update) of Windows 10!

Reviewer: Is there a "support lifecycle" link that we could put here so folks can follow that to see what this means?

Author: Hmm don't think we have that yet, but Dina's working with the CSS team on creating a SUPPORT.md file so maybe we'll be able to link to that in the future

Author: Thanks Rafael, good point. Today, all features in Reunion work down to build 17763, but in the future there inevitably are going to be new Windows platform features that are tied to the OS or Shell or hardware that simply can't come down (for example, new features in Action Center that rely on UI changes within Action Center). When possible, all features will be backwards-compatible. Features that aren't should be the rare exception.

> ### Try it now!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Try It Now
```
The rest of the document appears to rely on title-case for headings. So perhaps change this or the rest of the document.

> [Packaged MSIX desktop apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/msix/overview) can try the preview of the 0.5 release now! (link to details on how to try it)

Author: We need the link but first need an announcement posted, this will be the last thing we do before merging!

Project Reunion makes it easier to build a great Windows app by providing a unified platform for new 
and existing Win32 and UWP apps. It will unify access to existing Win32 and UWP APIs and make them 
available decoupled from the OS, via tools like NuGet. 
Plus, **it works down-level** to build 17763 (version 1809/October 2018 Update) of Windows 10!

Project Reunion will help you update and modernize your existing apps with the latest functionality, 
whether they're C++, .NET (including WPF, Windows Forms, and UWP) or React Native. As we decouple 
existing APIs and add new APIs, we are also doing the work to polyfill, as needed, so the APIs work 
down-level across supported versions of Windows. 

### Try it now!
[Packaged MSIX desktop apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/msix/overview) can try the preview of the 0.5 release now! (link to details on how to try it)

### How can I use Project Reunion?
Check out our roadmap and what's supported with Project Reunion **[here](docs/roadmap.md)**!
Some caveats about 0.5...

> We have already started with APIs like 

Reviewer 2: maybe mention here that the focus is on desktop developers and that uwp developers should wait?

> * Only includes WinUI 3 / Text rendering / Localization right now

Reviewer: Consider removing "right now"

Reviewer 3: You have to decide to be generic or specific, and not mix the two as done here.

i.e. pick one:
* `Windowing / Text rendering / Resource management`
* `WinUI 3 / DirectWrite Core / MRT Core`

> * WinUI 3 cannot yet be intermixed with other UI frameworks *(XAML Islands will enable this in the future)*.  To use WinUI 3, either start with a new app, or you can replace your existing app's UI completely with WinUI 3

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* WinUI 3 can't be used with other UI frameworks. (XAML Islands will enable this in the future.) To use WinUI 3, either start with a new app, or move your app's UI to WinUI XAML.
```
- Removes double space after period
- Fixes parenthetical, punctuation
- Removes unnecessary emphasis
- Optional: Changes harsh rewrite (conflicts with earlier 'no rewrite needed' message) to read more as a logical refactor step that needs to occur. Also avoids 'WinUI 3' repetition by indicating the move target is WinUI XAML. If there's another possible target, this would have to be changed.

> Here's a snippet of what we intend to deliver in 2021 *(times/features/releases are tentative and subject to change)*: 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here's a snippet of what we intend to deliver in 2021. *(Roadmap content is tentative and subject to change.)*: 

```

> See our [full roadmap](docs/roadmap.md) for a more detailed roadmap.

Reviewer: "for more details."

### Version Support

> Project Reunion aims to work on supported versions of Windows. Right now we support down to build 17763 (version 1809/October 2018 Update) of Windows 10. We'll use techniques like '_polyfills_' 

Reviewer: Please word-wrap at 100 characters. (Tables are the exception given how they work in Markdown)

Author: Eh, we have software with word wrapping built in, manually wrapping just creates pain when then later trying to edit. I understand GitHub isn't great at allowing you to inline comment, but that's more of a problem with GitHub itself.

Reviewer: This is part of our guidelines - https://github.com/microsoft/ProjectReunion/blob/main/docs/Coding-Guidelines.md#markdown

Use a tool like Prettifier or another markdown formatting / linter that lets you wrap the content, please.  I think VSCode knows how to do this automatically but you might need to configure it.  The docs.microsoft.com authoring pack for VSCode has a bunch of great stuff in it.

Reviewer 3: I don't agree with the suggestion either, as it creates unnecessary formatting tax on edits, but it has already been codified so ... gotta roll with it.

I want to echo that this messaging should be considered _critical_ so to speak. It sends a promise that is in conflict with current messaging. (See my earlier comment about conversations with Rich on this.) Please take this part seriously!

and custom implementations to do the heavy lifting for you and make sure your app works across Windows
versions and devices.

> 

Reviewer 3: Nit: Extra line

### Documentation

* [More details about Project Reunion](https://github.com/microsoft/ProjectReunion/blob/master/docs/README.md) - 
More on what the project is and how we're approaching the work.
* [Roadmap](docs/roadmap.md) - Where we're going. We're following this roadmap that 

> gets us to building a first version of Project Reunion exploring some basic common features.

Reviewer 3: Not sure what you're trying to say here. The roadmap covers at least **three** releases this year. Are those all intended to only explore "basic" features?

>   [You can help by filing issues for features you'd like to see](https://github.com/microsoft/ProjectReunion/issues/new/choose)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
This is covered extensively in the Contributing section below.

﻿# Project Reunion - Calling all Windows apps!

| Delight users with modern UI | Access new platform features | Backwards compatible | 
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/media/illustrations/biztalk-get-started-get-started.svg" width=250 alt="Modern navigation"/><br>Powerful WinUI 3 UI | <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/media/illustrations/biztalk-get-started-scenarios.svg" width=250 alt="Platform logo"/><br>Localization + power status + more<br> | <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/media/illustrations/biztalk-host-integration-install-configure.svg" width=250 alt="Down-level logo"/><br>Down to Windows 10 1809 |

...and more, **without having to rewrite your app!**

* Use your current installer *(no requirement to use MSIX, but there are [reliability/security benefits to using MSIX](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/msix/overview#key-features)!)*
* 100% additive *(only add what you need, leave the rest of your app as-is)*
* Works with Win32, WPF, WinForms, and UWP apps

> Plus, **it's backwards compatible** to build 17763 (version 1809/October 2018 Update) of Windows 10!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Plus, **it's backwards compatible** to Windows 10 October 2018 Update (build 17763 / version 1809)!
```

Nit: Lead with the official product name, then parenthetical the optional clarifying details.
